
### Running locally with Stripe for now no backend:
1.  Do npm install to install all dependencies
2.  Then to run the local server, do npm run dev
   
For environment, please send me DM to give you the Stripe keys. 

# Hackathon Submission

## Team
Bhushith Gujjala Hari, Jaideep Uppal, and Yuji Sugaya

## Project Idea -
Automated testing solution with testing code generated by the help of an LLM connected with an API, 
for testing through Playwright. 

## Product Features -
- Automatic Code Generation based on the required tests by Groq API.
- Testing fully automated: Generate tests, run test, see results, repeat. 
- No need of manually running tests or creating testing code!

### User Workflow -
1. Create sample run with help of codegen once.
2. Add test cases.
3. Automated test generation based on web application code.
4. Improve and add more tests.
**Test application/product as soon as changes are made, no need to create manual tests.**

## Tech Stack -
- Playwright
- Codegen
- Free Model integration through Groq API

**Compeltely self-sustained, no third-party required.**

# Running the Project

## Setup -
1. Install all the necessary packages: npm install
2. Run the backend: npm run dev

## AI Backend -
1. Navigate to "ecommerce-with-stripe/ai/AiVenv"
2. To create the executable test file, please run "python groqApiCall.py"

## Running the test cases -
1. If you have multiple testing files, please run "npx playwright test"
2. If not, you can "npx playwright test tests/test1.test.js"

